[singing voice] Aniplex.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Good evening,
big brother.
This makes it two times
that we've met!
[gasping]
[giggles]
[grunts]
[Illyasviel] It's nice
to meet you, Rin.
My name is Illya,
short for Illyasviel
von Einzbern.
von Einsbern‐‐you're familiar
with the name, aren't you?
‐ [grunts]
‐ von Einsbern.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
That's amazing.
[Rin] In terms of raw ability,
that thing outclasses Saber
by a lot.
[snarls]
[grunts]
[Archer] It's incredible.
That one servant could fight
the other six combined and win.
[Rin] Meaning that we need more
than physical strength
to beat him.
Archer, I think you should stick
to your class's primal methods.
[Archer] What about defense?
I doubt you could stop it
if it charges.
[Illyasviel grunts]
[giggles]
[scoffs]
[grunts]
There are three of us here.
We'll be able to hold him off
at the very least.
[Archer] Understood.
‐ Emiya.
‐ [grunts]
[Rin] It's up to you whether
you run away
or stay and fight.
But if you can,
try to run far away.
[grunts]
Are you two done talking?
So then,
can I get started?
Time to kill you.
Okay,
go get them, Berserker.
[snarls]
[roars]
[both grunting]
Shirou, get back!
[gasps]
[booming]
[both grunting]
[both breathing heavily]
[growls]
No way!
That had no effect?
[growls]
Emiya!
[Saber grunts]
[grunting]
[gas[s]
[Saber grunting]
[grunts]
[both gasping]
[snarls]
[roars]
[grunts]
[blows landing]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[Rin] How is he doing that?
Can he see her invisible sword?
He's strong.
[grunts]
Gotcha!
[gasps]
He's way too agile!
How the hell does
that thing qualify
as a berserker?
It must be a heroic spirit
of some renown.
Even in the grip of madness,
his sword skills are not dulled.
[sword clangs]
I am impressed.
[gasps]
Archer,
fire support!
[Archer] He is more
an embodiment of savagery
than a mad warrior,
but as insane as he is,
the sword techniques
that were deeply ingrained
into him never leave him
for a second.
[grunts]
[booming]
[both gasping]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[both gasping]
[loud banging]
[grunts]
[roars]
[groaning]
[Illyasviel] It's over.
Berserker, crush her now.
That's not gonna happen.
‐ [grunting]
‐ Tohsaka!
[blow lands]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Rin panting]
Archer!
[rumbling]
[booming]
[Rin grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Is that thing immortal?
You should just ignore
the dumb riffraff.
After all,
Archer and Rin's attacks
can never overcome
your Noble Phantasm.
[grunts]
[blow lands]
[Saber grunting]
Chase her, Berserker.
[Archer grunting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Listen to me!
Get away from here now!
[panting]
[Shirou groans]
Dammit!
I'm useless.
I couldn't even move.
[winces]
[grunts]
What could someone like me
possibly do against
a monster like that?
[distant booming]
[gasps]
[shuddering]
Saber.
[gasps]
[shuddering]
I'm gonna fight with her.
Side by side,
dammit!
[Kirei] Too many voices
and too many desires
will confound you.
Talk is cheap.
Man's sin is lying.
[Gilgamesh] There's
a slight sneer on your lips,
holy man.
That look really shouldn't
be shown to other people.
Is that what it looked like?
Indeed it did.
A smile befitting
a shameless rogue.
Did you have
a pleasant encounter, Kotomine?
Yes, I did.
I feel as if I've been reunited
with an old friend.
How could I not be happy?
[Kirei] As you've predicted,
the Holy Grail War
has begun again
after a mere ten years.
As overseer,
I can only pray that the miracle
will be fulfilled
and the grail will materialize
this time.
Even if this land turns
into hell in the process?
What happens on the path
to the Grail
is no concern of mine.
After all,
it is the role
of the masters to struggle,
to kill,
and to crush those
who would stop them.
[chuckles]
[Kirei] Our Lord who
is in Heaven
will forgive all the sins
of the world.
[scoffs]
But first we must wait
a little while.
Wait and see what the outcome
of this first battle will be.
[Shirou panting]
[groans]
[blows landing]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[blow lands]
[growls]
[booming]
[grunts]
[Illyasviel] Gosh,
you scared me.
Attacking an unarmed girl
without warning?
What are you,
an animal, Rin?
Or maybe this is just
the Tohsaka's way of fighting.
Hah!
What are you talking about?
[Rin] You're the one
who started the fight!
Once begun,
we do anything to win, right?
Or are you going to start
from the beginning
and introduce yourself
like a well‐mannered girl?
She's a bit too far away.
I'll have to destroy
the birds first.
A well‐mannered girl?
[Illyasviel] Well,
I might have considered it
if you were that boy
you were with.
But I don't feel like it
with you.
You don't interest me
the slightest bit.
Besides, what do you want me
to say to someone
who's going to die here
in the next few minutes?
[grunting]
[Rin grunting]
[grunting, gasps]
[shouts]
[Rin] Those are autonomous types
that pursue on their own.
Plus they're even generating
mana themselves,
like some kind of mini mages.
But high‐performance familiars
like these must
have some limitation
I can exploit.
[gasps]
Gosh, what nimble prey.
I think I'm going
to add two more just for you.
Oh, come on!
Complain later.
[Rin] If they flank me,
it's all over.
In which case...
[gasps]
[Illyasviel] A frontal assault?
That's brave but very foolish,
Rin.
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Gandr!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Two more to go!
[Rin] No way!
The familiar changed its shape?
So you can fend off Zel,
but you can't block Degen.
I thought this was going
to be fun.
Too bad.
Well, this is the end.
I believe impalement would suit
a vulgar girl like you.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[Archer grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[Archer] Are you all right,
master?
Or was my assistance unwelcome?
Are you kidding?
That was perfect timing.
To be honest,
my back was against the wall.
Any idea where Illyasviel went?
[Archer] My apologies
but the location
isn't clear enough.
Although I can sense
my own master,
I cannot track enemy masters.
I suppose not.
Anyway, what a monster she is!
She's beyond common sense.
Creating familiars out
of a hair like that?
[Archer] So it would seem.
Your decision to defeat
Berserker's master first
was a good one
but it's not going
to be an easy thing to do.
And because of that‐‐
We have no choice
but to count on Saber.
Stay put and watch
the battlefield from above.
[Rin] I'm going to go meet up
with Saber.
[Archer] Understood.
Don't wait until it's too late
to leave the battle.
[Rin] Yeah, yeah.
[Archer exhales sharply]
[breathing heavily]
[both gasping]
[both grunting]
Tohsaka!
Emiya?
[grunts]
Don't you "Tohsaka" me!
[both grunting]
Can't you see if you've got
no skill to fight,
you're just gonna get
in the way?
If you die without
accomplishing anything,
you'll have died for nothing!
[Shirou] Well, why the hell
are you getting mad over that?
It's none of your business
if I wanna decide
I'm gonna die for nothing!
[Rin] It is my business!
I told you I was gonna give you
a free pass for today,
so if you don't go home
it'll be a big pain for me!
'Cause I can't kill you!
[gasping]
[grunts]
N‐‐Never mind that.
At least you're still alive.
You should run while you can.
That brat Illyasviel is serious.
She's determined
to horrifically kill all
of us right here and now.
I can't do that.
Saber's fighting as hard
as she can.
So I'm not about
to leave her to die.
[Rin] Only real mages get
to talk like that.
You can't offer any experience
or support
so you'll just die for nothing.
[Shirou] There has
to be something I can do.
As long as I have a body,
I can contribute to this fight.
‐ Now look here‐‐
‐ [Shirou] And besides, Tohsaka.
Are you going
to make someone do something
that you can't do for yourself?
[gasps]
[grunts]
[booming]
[both gasping]
[snarls]
[grunts]
[both panting]
[snarling]
[Rin] Very good, Saber.
She confused Berserker
and allowed his blow
to land on purpose.
I get it.
She did that to try
and lure Berserker here.
[Rin] Right.
Fighting that thing in a spot
with no cover
would be utter suicide.
That's why Saber chose
this particular location.
As well as
to draw Berserker away
from you, Emiya.
Of course she can't expect
any support
from Archer
in a battle like this.
But Berserker
is a monster who's capable
of neutralizing Archer's arrows.
Support from him would
have been pointless
no matter what.
Archer's bow, huh?
[Saber] We have neither thoughts
to converse
nor freedom to name ourselves.
Our intercourse is limited
to blows meant
to kill each other,
and so I shall answer you
with a blow containing all
my might.
Here I come.
This is where you die,
Berserker!
[roaring]
[Saber grunts]
[shouts]
[gasps]
Is it all over?
Saber!
[exhales sharply]
[gasps]
What, Archer?
[wind blowing]
[Rin] What do you mean,
I should get clear?
[Archer] That was magnificent,
but not nearly enough.
[gasps]
[Saber] Regeneration?
No, that is almost
like rolling back time.
The curse of resurrection.
A Noble Phantasm
that activates upon his death!
Shirou, get away from here!
[hissing]
[gasps]
Archer?
[grunts]
[sizzling]
[gasps]
Shirou?
[panting]
[roaring]
[grunts]
[booming]
[scoffs]
[Rin] It survived a rank A
Noble Phantasm without
a scratch.
[clanging]
[both gasping]
[magical whooshing]
Shirou, what was it?
It was Archer's arrow.
Beyond that,
I really don't know.
Dammit.
‐‐ [Illyasviel] I see.
‐ [both gasping]
[Illyasviel] I've changed
my mind about you, Rin.
Your Archer is very impressive.
That's enough.
Return to me, Berserker.
I had hoped to get
the boring stuff out
of the way first
but under the circumstances,
my plans changed.
Wait a minute.
You're leaving?
[Illyasviel] Yes.
I changed my mind.
I don't care about Saber
but I'm very interested
in your Archer.
So I'm going to let you live
a little while longer.
Okay, then.
Bye‐bye.
Let's play again sometime,
big brother.
[gasps]
Master.
Thank you for coming
and saving me like you did,
but would you mind unhanding me?
Oh, right!
I'm sorry.
[exhales sharply]
Shirou, what is the matter?
Are you unwell?
[gags]
‐ [Archer] Shirou!
‐ [grunts]
What's wrong?
Hold on!
Shirou!
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]